docs: add 'Help Needed' page (#1405)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation_deployment_examples.md

---
name: Documentation request for deployment examples

> about: Requests to document an example of deployment to a specific cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Want to deploy to a specific cloud provider? Let us know, and we can provide you with an example.
```

To stay in style
